342 fix throttle tests (#343)
ozontech/file.d: decoder/readme.md

# Decoders

In pipeline settings there is a parameter for choosing desired decoding format.
By default every pipeline utilizes json decoder, which tries to parse json from log.

Available values for decoders param:

> + auto -- selects decoder type depending on input (e.g. for k8s input plugin, if cri type is `docker`, it suggests `json` decoder, otherwise `cri` decoder)

Reviewer: nit: I think it’s easier to take:

```suggestion
+ auto -- selects decoder type depending on input (e.g. for k8s input plugin, the decoder will be selected depending on container runtime version)
```

Author: done
